If you are looking for some unusual polymer clay jewellery, you’re at the right place!

Hi! My name is Varya, and I am a jewellery designer.

Trough my works I share my vision of this astonishing world with you. The incomprehensible space, mysterious ocean depths, secrets hidden inside forests and jungles — all of this inspires me. However, the main sources of my inspiration are human beings. I want people to feel happy wearing my jewellery, so I strive to make every work unique, extraordinary and of the best quality.

The primary raw material I work with is polymer clay. I work with this material for many years already, and I can tell you: it is totally amazing. Pure magic, capable of surprising even the best master. I adore it!

I like to watch the appearance of shades between colours, when I make smooth transitions; to compose mosaics; to create loads of small pieces for combining them into something bigger. And of course I love getting hardened workpieces out of the oven. I can’t stop surprising: just 20 minutes ago it was soft and plastic, requiring very delicate attention. A single finger’s touch could have changed everything! But now it’s solid and strong, so you can wear it with no fear of breaking it.

Epoxy resin helps to wed the clay with natural moss and wood, makes small and fragile items strong and allows joining them into a single piece. Of course, it also brings the volume and the depth to my jewellery.

Accessories are very important too. I use natural leather, silver and steel fasteners, hand-made waxed thread cords. Every tiny detail is important in this handicraft, and every product requires its own special approach. I deeply enjoy both the whole process and the satisfaction of achieving the final result. Simply speaking, I really love what I do.

My husband helps me to implement my ideas. He participates both in creative and formal parts of the work. We’ve visited many music and art festivals together, so our jewellery already brings joy to hundreds of people. And now, when we’ve got two wonderful kids, we’re glad to offer our works here.